Backing up from one cluster and restoring to another (#59740)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-about-backing-and-restoring-from-cluster-to-cluster.adoc

//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/advanced-topics.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="oadp-about-backing-and-restoring-from-cluster-to-cluster_{context}"]
= About backing up data from one cluster and restoring it on another cluster

OpenShift API for Data Protection (OADP) is designed to back up and restore application data in the same {product-title} cluster. {mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) is designed to migrate data from one {product-title} cluster to another or to migrate data from a VMware cluster to an {product-title} cluster.

You can use OADP to back application data from one cluster and restore it on another. However, doing so is both more complicated than using {mtc-short} or using OADP to back up and restore to the same {product-name} cluster.

== Considerations in using OADP to back up application data from one cluster and restore it to another

Before you begin planning to use OADP to back up application data from one cluster and restore it to another cluster, consider the following limitations:

* You must exclude Operators from backup and restore operations because OADP is not designed to either back up or restore Operators.

> * Velero, which OADP is built upon, does not natively support the migration of persistent volumes snapshots across cloud providers. To migrate volume data between cloud platforms, you must enable Velero's File System Backup, which backs up volume contents at the filesystem level.

Reviewer: TODO: add/link to how section

Author: @kaovilai @weshayutin I need advice on what to include from https://velero.io/docs/main/file-system-backup/. Wes has said in general that we need to modify Velero instructions so please advise what to include and exclude and any modifications needed.

Author: @kaovilai re: "I think...out of scope" -- wasn't sure if you wanted that comment incorporated into the text here.

Reviewer: Not into the texts just saying what's in this PR (updating the word restic to file system backup) may not fit the ask from Jira. Perhaps there's another Jira capturing this task that can be additionally linked to the PR.

* You also must use Velero's File System Backup if you want to migrate data between regions on AWS or Azure.
* Velero does not support restoring data to a cluster with a lower Kubernetes version than the source cluster.
* It is theoretically possible to migrate workloads to a destination with a higher Kubernetes version than the source, but you must consider the compatibility of API groups between clusters for each custom resource. If a Kubernetes version upgrade breaks the compatibility of core or native API groups,you must first update the impacted custom resources. For more information about API group versions, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html-single/backup_and_restore/index#oadp-different-kubernetes-api-versions[Working with different Kubernetes API versions on the same cluster].

> * The UID/GID range of the namespace might change on the destination cluster. OADP does not backup and restore OpenShift UID/GID range metadata. If the backed application requires a specific UUID, ensure the range is available when restored. For more information on OpenShift's UID/GID range link:https://cloud.redhat.com/blog/a-guide-to-openshift-and-uids[A Guide to OpenShift and UIDs]. Allowing OADP to create the namespace while restoring may avoid the issue.

Reviewer: > Allowing OADP to create the namespace while restoring may avoid the issue.

I am not aware we are doing anything with namespace UID today.. have to double check.

Reviewer: todo: update faq

Reviewer: https://access.redhat.com/articles/5456281#issues-restoring-an-oadp-backup-application-unable-to-access-data-23 has been updated.

Reviewer: Pending another validation that letting velero create the namespace on restore works (keeps annotation from backup).. will make another faq update and request changes here.

Reviewer: validated that the namespace’s annotated scc uid-ranges are restored properly on oadp.v1.1.4 across cluster with openshift,aws,csi plugins enabled. Updating FAQ again.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/advanced-topics.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="oadp-about-backing-and-restoring-from-cluster-to-cluster_{context}"]
= About backing up data from one cluster and restoring it on another cluster

OpenShift API for Data Protection (OADP) is designed to back up and restore application data in the same {product-title} cluster. {mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) is designed to migrate data from one {product-title} cluster to another or to migrate data from a VMware cluster to an {product-title} cluster.

> You can use OADP to back application data from one cluster and restore it on another. However, doing so is both more complicated than using {mtc-short} to do so or using OADP to back up and restore to the same {product-name} cluster.

Reviewer 2: {product-name} is not rendered in doc preview, is it intended ?

To successfully use OADP to back up data from one cluster and restore it to another, you must take into account the following factors, in addition to the prerequisites and procedures that apply to using OADP to back up and restore data on the same cluster:

* Operators
* Use of Velero
* UID and GID ranges

[id="oadp-cluster-to-cluster-operators_{context}"]
== Operators
You must exclude Operators from the backup of an application for backup and restore to succeed.

[id="oadp-cluster-to-cluster-velero_{context}"]
== Use of Velero

> * Velero, which OADP is built upon, does not natively support migrating persistent volumes snapshots across cloud providers. To migrate volume snapshot data between cloud platforms, you must enable Velero's link:https://velero.io/docs/main/file-system-backup/[File System Backup] option which backs up volume contents at the filesystem level, enabling the desired migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Velero, which OADP is built upon, does not natively support migrating persistent volumes snapshots across cloud providers. To migrate volume snapshot data between cloud platforms, you must enable restic option (known as file-system-backup in Velero) which backs up volume contents at the filesystem level, or use data mover functionality enabling the desired volume migration.
```

references:
- [Enabling Data Mover in OADP Operator](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html-single/backup_and_restore/index#oadp-using-data-mover-for-csi-snapshots_backing-up-applications)
- [Enabling restic in OADP Operator](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html-single/backup_and_restore/index#oadp-backing-up-applications-restic_backing-up-applications) also known as file system backup as of OADP 1.2.0

Reviewer: velero CLI example
https://velero.io/docs/main/file-system-backup/#how-velero-integrates-with-restic:~:text=velero%20backup%20create%20BACKUP_NAME%20%2D%2Ddefault%2Dvolumes%2Dto%2Dfs%2Dbackup%20OTHER_OPTIONS

Author: @kaovilai  I added the references you suggested. Are you asking to also add step 2  of https://velero.io/docs/main/file-system-backup/#using-the-opt-out-approach  or the whole section? FYI, I'll need to get QE to verify whatever procedures I add.

+
[NOTE]
====
Velero's file system backup feature supports both Kopia and Restic, but currently OADP supports only Restic.
====

* You must also use Velero's link:https://velero.io/docs/main/file-system-backup/[File System Backup] to migrate data between AWS regions or between Microsoft Azure regions.

> * Velero does not support restoring data to a cluster with a _lower_ Kubernetes version than the source cluster.

Author: Done.

> * It is theoretically possible to migrate workloads to a destination with a _higher_ Kubernetes version than the source, but you must consider the compatibility of API groups between clusters for each custom resource. If a Kubernetes version upgrade breaks the compatibility of core or native API groups,you must first update the impacted custom resources. For more information about API group versions, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html-single/backup_and_restore/index#oadp-different-kubernetes-api-versions[Working with different Kubernetes API versions on the same cluster].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* It is theoretically possible to migrate workloads to a destination with a _higher_ Kubernetes version than the source, but you must consider the compatibility of API groups between clusters for each custom resource. If a Kubernetes version upgrade breaks the compatibility of core or native API groups, you must first update the impacted custom resources. For more information about API group versions, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html-single/backup_and_restore/index#oadp-different-kubernetes-api-versions[Working with different Kubernetes API versions on the same cluster].
```

> * It is theoretically possible to migrate workloads to a destination with a _higher_ Kubernetes version than the source, but you must consider the compatibility of API groups between clusters for each custom resource. If a Kubernetes version upgrade breaks the compatibility of core or native API groups, you must first update the impacted custom resources. For more information about API group versions, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html-single/backup_and_restore/index#oadp-different-kubernetes-api-versions[Working with different Kubernetes API versions on the same cluster].

Reviewer 3: Same comment as above. Use "later" rather than "higher".

[id="oadp-cluster-to-cluster-uid-and-gid_{context}"]
== UID and GID ranges

This document describes both the potential issues with UID and GID ranges when backing up data and restoring it to another cluster and mitigations for these issues.

Summary of issues::

> * The UID and GID ranges of the namespace might change on the destination cluster. OADP does not backup and restore OpenShift UID range metadata. If the backed application requires a specific UID, ensure the range is available when restored. For more information about OpenShift's UID and GID ranges, see link:https://cloud.redhat.com/blog/a-guide-to-openshift-and-uids[A Guide to OpenShift and UIDs].

Reviewer 3: "back up"

Detailed description of issues::

> When you create a namespace in {product-title} by using the shell command `oc create namespace`, {product-title} assigns the namespace a unique User ID (UID) range from its available pool of UIDs, a Supplemental Group (GID) range, and unique SELinux MCS labels. This information is stored in the `metadata.annotations` field of the cluster. This information is part of the Security Context Constraints (SCC) annotations, which are comprised of:

Reviewer 3: Change to" "..., which comprise:..."

* `openshift.io/sa.scc.mcs`
* `openshift.io/sa.scc.supplemental-groups`
* `openshift.io/sa.scc.uid-range`

When you use OADP to restore the namespace, it automatically uses the information in `metadata.annotations` without resetting it for the destination cluster. As a result, the workload might not have access to the backed up data if one of the following is true:

* There is a pre-existing namespace with a different SCC annotations, for example, on a different cluster. In this case, at backup time, OADP reuses the pre-existing namespace instead of the namespace you are trying to restore.

> * The backup used a label selector but the namespace where workloads run on does not have the label on it. In this case, OADP does not back up the namespace, but instead creates a new namespace during restore that does not include the annotations of the namespace you backed up. This causes a new UID range to be assigned to the namespace.

Reviewer 3: Add comma: "...selector, but.."

+
This might be an issue for customer workloads if OpenShift assigns a Pod a `securityContext` UID based on namespace annotations that have changed from the time the persistent volume data was backed up.
* The container UID no longer matches the UID of the file owner.
* An error occurs because OpenShift did not modify the UID range of the destination cluster to match the data of the backup cluster. As a result, the backup cluster has a different UID than the destination cluster, which means the application cannot read or write data to the destination cluster.

Mitigations::

> You can use one or more of the following mitigations to overcome the UID and GID pair issues:

Reviewer 3: Recommend you use "fix" or "resolve" rather than "overcome".

* Simple mitigations:

** If you use a label selector in the `Backup` CR to filter the objects to include in the backup, be sure to add this label selector to the namespace that contains the workspace.

> ** Remove any pre-existing version of a namespace on the destination cluster, before attempting to restore a namespace with the same name.

Reviewer 3: Remove comma.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/advanced-topics.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="oadp-about-backing-and-restoring-from-cluster-to-cluster_{context}"]
= About backing up data from one cluster and restoring it on another cluster

> {oadp-first} is designed to back up and restore application data in the same {product-title} cluster. {mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) is designed to migrate data from one {product-title} cluster to another or to migrate data from a VMware cluster to an {product-title} cluster.

Reviewer: Feedback [from slack](https://redhat-internal.slack.com/archives/CFN0XJEPR/p1687983861867299?thread_ts=1687983675.343619&cid=CFN0XJEPR) is that _migrate data from a VMware cluster_ claim is for [MTV](https://catalog.redhat.com/software/container-stacks/detail/60a6e9fe12f690ed33bad15f), not MTC.

Author: Right.

> You can use OADP to back application data from one OpenShift cluster and restore it on another. However, doing so is more complicated than using {mtc-short} or OADP.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can use OADP to back application data from one {product-title} cluster and restore it on another cluster. However, doing so is more complicated than using {mtc-short} or OADP.
```

> You can use OADP to back application data from one OpenShift cluster and restore it on another. However, doing so is more complicated than using {mtc-short} or OADP.

Reviewer: This line is saying using OADP is more complicated than using OADP.

```suggestion
You can use OADP to back application data from one OpenShift cluster and restore it on another. However, doing so is more complicated than using {mtc-short}.
```

> To successfully use OADP to back up data from one cluster and restore it to another, you must take into account the following factors, in addition to the prerequisites and procedures that apply to using OADP to back up and restore data on the same cluster:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To successfully use OADP to back up data from one cluster and restore it to another cluster, you must take into account the following factors, in addition to the prerequisites and procedures that apply to using OADP to back up and restore data on the same cluster:
```

* Operators
* Use of Velero
* UID and GID ranges

[id="oadp-cluster-to-cluster-operators_{context}"]
== Operators
You must exclude Operators from the backup of an application for backup and restore to succeed.

[id="oadp-cluster-to-cluster-velero_{context}"]
== Use of Velero

> Velero, which OADP is built upon, does not natively support migrating persistent volumes snapshots across cloud providers. To migrate volume snapshot data between cloud platforms, you must _either_ enable the Velero Restic option `file-system-backup`, which backs up volume contents at the filesystem level, _or_ use the OADP Data Mover for CSI snapshots.

Author: Doh! smacks head.

[NOTE]
====
Velero's file system backup feature supports both Kopia and Restic, but currently OADP supports only Restic.
====

For more inforation about using Restic with OADP, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html-single/backup_and_restore/index#oadp-backing-up-applications-restic_backing-up-applications[backing up applications with Restic].

For more information about OADP Data Mover, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html-single/backup_and_restore/index#oadp-using-data-mover-for-csi-snapshots_backing-up-applications[Using Data Mover for CSI snapshots].

* You must also use Velero's link:https://velero.io/docs/main/file-system-backup/[File System Backup] to migrate data between AWS regions or between Microsoft Azure regions.
* Velero does not support restoring data to a cluster with a _earlier_ Kubernetes version than the source cluster.

> * It is theoretically possible to migrate workloads to a destination with a _later_ Kubernetes version than the source, but you must consider the compatibility of API groups between clusters for each custom resource. If a Kubernetes version upgrade breaks the compatibility of core or native API groups, you must first update the impacted custom resources. For more information about API group versions, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html-singlr me/backup_and_restore/index#oadp-different-kubernetes-api-versions[Working with different Kubernetes API versions on the same cluster].

Author: Fixed.

[id="oadp-cluster-to-cluster-uid-and-gid-ranges_{context}"]
== UID and GID ranges

> When you back up data from cluster and restire it to another, consider these potential issues with UID and GID ranges and mitigations for them.

Author: Good catch and good suggestion. Fixed the former and used a modified version of the latter.

Summary of issues::
The UID and GID ranges of the namespace might change on the destination cluster. OADP does not back up and restore OpenShift UID range metadata. If the backed application requires a specific UID, ensure the range is available when restored. For more information about OpenShift's UID and GID ranges, see link:https://cloud.redhat.com/blog/a-guide-to-openshift-and-uids[A Guide to OpenShift and UIDs].

Detailed description of issues::

> When you create a namespace in {product-title} by using the shell command `oc create namespace`, {product-title} assigns the namespace a unique User ID (UID) range from its available pool of UIDs, a Supplemental Group (GID) range, and unique SELinux MCS labels. This information is stored in the `metadata.annotations` field of the cluster. This information is part of the Security Context Constraints (SCC) annotations, which comprise:

Reviewer 4: We need a complete sentence for the lead in to the list. Based on https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-colons#introductory-text. 

```suggestion
When you create a namespace in {product-title} by using the shell command `oc create namespace`, {product-title} assigns the namespace a unique User ID (UID) range from its available pool of UIDs, a Supplemental Group (GID) range, and unique SELinux MCS labels. This information is stored in the `metadata.annotations` field of the cluster. This information is part of the Security Context Constraints (SCC) annotations, which comprise the following ___(something)__:
```

* `openshift.io/sa.scc.mcs`
* `openshift.io/sa.scc.supplemental-groups`
* `openshift.io/sa.scc.uid-range`

+
When you use OADP to restore the namespace, it automatically uses the information in `metadata.annotations` without resetting it for the destination cluster. As a result, the workload might not have access to the backed up data if one of the following is true:

> * There is a pre-existing namespace with a different SCC annotations, for example, on a different cluster. In this case, at backup time, OADP reuses the pre-existing namespace instead of the namespace you are trying to restore.

Reviewer 4: "a different SCC annotation" or "different SCC annotations" ? 

```suggestion
* There is a pre-existing namespace with a different SCC annotation, for example, on a different cluster. In this case, at backup time, OADP reuses the pre-existing namespace instead of the namespace you are trying to restore.
```

* The backup used a label selector, but the namespace where workloads run on does not have the label on it. In this case, OADP does not back up the namespace, but instead creates a new namespace during restore that does not include the annotations of the namespace you backed up. This causes a new UID range to be assigned to the namespace.
+

> This might be an issue for customer workloads if OpenShift assigns a Pod a `securityContext` UID based on namespace annotations that have changed from the time the persistent volume data was backed up.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This might be an issue for customer workloads if {product-title} assigns a pod a `securityContext` UID based on namespace annotations that have changed from the time the persistent volume data was backed up.
```

* The container UID no longer matches the UID of the file owner.

> * An error occurs because OpenShift did not modify the UID range of the destination cluster to match the data of the backup cluster. As a result, the backup cluster has a different UID than the destination cluster, which means the application cannot read or write data to the destination cluster.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* An error occurs because {product-title} did not modify the UID range of the destination cluster to match the data of the backup cluster. As a result, the backup cluster has a different UID than the destination cluster, which means the application cannot read or write data to the destination cluster.
```

Mitigations::

You can use one or more of the following mitigations to resolve the UID and GID range issues:

* Simple mitigations:

** If you use a label selector in the `Backup` CR to filter the objects to include in the backup, be sure to add this label selector to the namespace that contains the workspace.
** Remove any pre-existing version of a namespace on the destination cluster before attempting to restore a namespace with the same name.

* Advanced mitigations:
** Fix UID ranges after migration by performing steps 1-4 of link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/6844071[Fixing UID ranges after migration]. Step 1 is optional.

> For an in-depth look at UID and GID ranges in OpenShift with an emphasis on overcoming issues in backing up data on one cluster and restoring it on another, see link:https://cloud.redhat.com/blog/a-guide-to-openshift-and-uids[A Guide to OpenShift and UIDs].

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For an in-depth look at UID and GID ranges in {product-title} with an emphasis on overcoming issues in backing up data on one cluster and restoring it on another, see link:https://cloud.redhat.com/blog/a-guide-to-openshift-and-uids[A Guide to OpenShift and UIDs].
```

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="oadp-about-backing-and-restoring-from-cluster-to-cluster_{context}"]
= About backing up data from one cluster and restoring it on another cluster

{oadp-first} is designed to back up and restore application data in the same {product-title} cluster. {mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) is designed to migrate data from one {product-title} cluster to another or to migrate data from a VMware cluster to an {product-title} cluster.

You can use OADP to back application data from one OpenShift cluster and restore it on another. However, doing so is both more complicated than using {mtc-short} or using OADP.

To successfully use OADP to back up data from one cluster and restore it to another, you must take into account the following factors, in addition to the prerequisites and procedures that apply to using OADP to back up and restore data on the same cluster:

* Operators
* Use of Velero
* UID and GID ranges

[id="oadp-cluster-to-cluster-operators_{context}"]
== Operators
You must exclude Operators from the backup of an application for backup and restore to succeed.

[id="oadp-cluster-to-cluster-velero_{context}"]
== Use of Velero

> * Velero, which OADP is built upon, does not natively support migrating persistent volumes snapshots across cloud providers. To migrate volume snapshot data between cloud platforms, you must _either_ enable the Velero Restic optionm which Velero refers to as `file-system-backup` in Velero), which backs up volume contents at the filesystem level, _or_ use the OADP Data Mover for CSI snapshots.

Author: Right -- Originally i had two bullets in this section. I must've made one bullet into either a regular paragraph or the note, and then forgot to remove the now incorrect first bullet.

[NOTE]
====
In OADP 1.1 and earlier, the Velero Restic file system backup option is called `restic`.
In OADP 1.2 and later, the Velero Restic file system backup option is called `file-system-backup`.
====

[NOTE]
====
Velero's file system backup feature supports both Kopia and Restic, but currently OADP supports only Restic.
====

* You must also use Velero's link:https://velero.io/docs/main/file-system-backup/[File System Backup] to migrate data between AWS regions or between Microsoft Azure regions.
* Velero does not support restoring data to a cluster with an _earlier_ Kubernetes version than the source cluster.
* It is theoretically possible to migrate workloads to a destination with a _later_ Kubernetes version than the source, but you must consider the compatibility of API groups between clusters for each custom resource. If a Kubernetes version upgrade breaks the compatibility of core or native API groups, you must first update the impacted custom resources.

[id="oadp-cluster-to-cluster-uid-and-gid-ranges_{context}"]
== UID and GID ranges

> When you back up data from one cluster and restore it to another cluster,  there are potential issues that might arise with UID (User ID) and GID (Group ID) ranges. The following section explains these potential issues and mitigations:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
When you back up data from one cluster and restore it to another cluster, there are potential issues that might arise with UID (User ID) and GID (Group ID) ranges. The following section explains these potential issues and mitigations:
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/advanced-topics.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="oadp-about-backing-and-restoring-from-cluster-to-cluster_{context}"]
= About backing up data from one cluster and restoring it on another cluster

> {oadp-first} is designed to back up and restore application data in the same {product-title} cluster. {mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) is designed to migrate containers, including application data, from one {product-title} cluster to another.

Reviewer 6: All other uses of this phrase state _to another cluster_. Probably should be consistent throughout.

You can use OADP to back up application data from one {product-title} cluster and restore it on another cluster. However, doing so is more complicated than using {mtc-short} or using OADP to back up and restore on the same cluster.

To successfully use OADP to back up data from one cluster and restore it to another cluster, you must take into account the following factors, in addition to the prerequisites and procedures that apply to using OADP to back up and restore data on the same cluster:

* Operators
* Use of Velero
* UID and GID ranges

[id="oadp-cluster-to-cluster-operators_{context}"]
== Operators
You must exclude Operators from the backup of an application for backup and restore to succeed.

[id="oadp-cluster-to-cluster-velero_{context}"]
== Use of Velero

Velero, which OADP is built upon, does not natively support migrating persistent volume snapshots across cloud providers. To migrate volume snapshot data between cloud platforms, you must _either_ enable the Velero Restic option `file-system-backup`, which backs up volume contents at the filesystem level, _or_ use the OADP Data Mover for CSI snapshots.

[NOTE]
====

> In OADP 1.2 and later, the Velero Restic option is called `file-system-backup`.

Reviewer 6: @RichardHoch Should we state what the option is called in 1.2 and earlier, as we use the `file-system-backup` in the text above?

> The Velero Restic option `file-system-backup` is supported only by OADP 1.2 and later. 

Reviewer 2: I think Restic option is supported for OADP 1.1 and OADP 1.0 as well. @kaovilai Please correct me if I'm wrong

Reviewer: yes that is correct.. I meant to just say it got renamed in 1.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Velero Restic option is called `file-system-backup` in OADP 1.2 and later.
```

Reviewer: ie. https://velero.io/docs/v1.9/restic/ is now for v1.11 under https://velero.io/docs/v1.11/file-system-backup/

Author: Note: @anarnold97 will prepare one or more additional Jiras to be sure the OADP documentation reflects the latest version of Velero.

====

[NOTE]
====
Velero's file system backup feature supports both Kopia and Restic, but currently OADP supports only Restic.
====

> For more information about using Restic with OADP, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html-single/backup_and_restore/index#oadp-backing-up-applications-restic_backing-up-applications[backing up applications with Restic].

Reviewer 6: Why are we linking to a specific version of the OCP docs in the portal? Is it appropriate for, say, 4.10 customers to use the 4.13 docs? Eventually, too, the link will age out. 
Why not use Additional references in the assembly?

Reviewer 6: Too many `../` I think.

`xref:../../backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/backing-up-applications.adoc#oadp-backing-up-applications-restic_backing-up-applications[Backing up applications with Restic]`

Author: Got it!

* You must also use Velero's link:https://velero.io/docs/main/file-system-backup/[File System Backup] to migrate data between AWS regions or between Microsoft Azure regions.
* Velero does not support restoring data to a cluster with an _earlier_ Kubernetes version than the source cluster.
* It is theoretically possible to migrate workloads to a destination with a _later_ Kubernetes version than the source, but you must consider the compatibility of API groups between clusters for each custom resource. If a Kubernetes version upgrade breaks the compatibility of core or native API groups, you must first update the impacted custom resources. For more information about API group versions, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html-single/backup_and_restore/index#oadp-different-kubernetes-api-versions[Working with different Kubernetes API versions on the same cluster].

[id="oadp-cluster-to-cluster-uid-and-gid-ranges_{context}"]
== UID and GID ranges

> When you back up data from one cluster and restore it to another cluster,  there are potential issues that may arise with UID (User ID) and GID (Group ID) ranges. The following section explains these potential issues and mitigations:

Reviewer 6: s/may/might   per ISG
